# StakingDapp - Smart Contract & DApp Instructions

## Overview of Staking DApp

The StakingDapp is a decentralized application that enables users to stake ERC20 tokens into the platform and earn rewards. The staking process generates reward tokens per second, rewarding users based on their staked amount and duration.

### Key Tokens

- **Stake Token:** This ERC20 token is used for staking within the DApp. Users need to approve this token for the staking contract before staking.

- **Reward Token:** Another ERC20 token generated by the staking process per second. Users earn these tokens as rewards for staking their stake tokens.

## How the Staking DApp Works

1. **Stake Tokens:**

   - Users approve a certain amount of stake tokens to be staked within the DApp by interacting with the staking smart contract.

   - Staking formula: (No of tokens staked by user/Total staked amount) x Reward Rate

2. **Generate Reward Tokens:**

   - Once the stake tokens are staked, the smart contract generates reward tokens per second based on the staked amount.

3. **Accumulate Rewards:**

   - Users accumulate reward tokens over time as they keep their stake tokens staked within the DApp.

4. **Claim Rewards:**

   - Users can claim their accumulated rewards by interacting with the smart contract using the `claimReward()` function.

5. **Unstake Tokens:**
   - After a staking period or at any point, users can unstake their tokens using the appropriate function in the DApp to retrieve their staked tokens along with the accumulated rewards.

## Smart Contract Instructions

### 1) Approve Stake Token

Before using the `stake()` function, ensure that you approve the stake token to the staking contract.

### 2) Transfer Reward Token

Before using the `claimReward()` function, transfer the reward token to the staking contract.

## DApp Instructions

### Prerequisites

- **Metamask:** Install Metamask to access the DApp.

### Steps to Deploy Smart Contracts on Polygon Mumbai

1. Deploy the staking, stake token, and reward token smart contracts on Mumbai.

2. Run the deploy script

   ```bash
   npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.js --network mumbai
   ```

### Configuration for the DApp

1. **Copy and Paste ABI**

   - Copy the ABI (Application Binary Interface) of the staking contract and stake token contract. (You can use hardhat-abi-exporter package for that or fetch directly from artifacts)
   - Paste the ABI files into the `src/ABI` folder.

2. **Update Contract Addresses**
   - Update the contract addresses of the staking contract and stake token in the `utils/connectWallet.jsx` file.

### Running the DApp Locally

1. **Navigate to the Client Directory**

   ```bash
   cd client
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Start the Development Server**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
